All right, y'all.
We are live on this beautiful
Tuesday morning. God bless everybody in
the name of Jesus, Yeshua the Messiah.
I pray y'all are super blessed as the
Bitcoin price is ripping
to the upside, baby. Here we go. Oh,
man.
Here we go. Oh, man. Here we go.
Oh, man. All right. Oh, man.
Here we go. Bitcoin pumping, baby.
This is pretty cool. We got to give a
big shout to everybody in the house.
First of all, a big shout to Plain
Sailor who says "Yo, yo."
A big shout to Soulsite
who says "Walking pad time." Shout out
to Glasshopper77.
Shout out to DPCrypto. Boy, I missed the
618 tab last night.
It did happen last night, but we're
going for the high again, my man,
DPCrypto.
Alex O said my name and about 3 seconds
afterward I got a notification I'm going
live. Big shout out to Alex O. All
right. Shout out to the Exodus.
Shout out to Keith M Jeffs who says
"Good morning." Good morning to you as
well, Keith M Jeffs.
Man, this Bitcoin price is wild, is it
not, guys? Is it not?
We are in a little trade here. Honestly,
guys, I'm in a $455,000 position
right now and I'm also in another
uh $420,000
position
on another account. So, I'm up in total
right now
almost in like a $900,000 position here
long.
And I'm I'm looking to see what's going
to happen as New York opens up. I mean,
really, if we take a look over here
at the Bitcoin price, you know, we take
a look over here and what do you see, my
dear?
Let's take a look over here to see what
we could see my dear.
Shout out to Ham.
K2L
Um, no that's not a limit short. That's
a take profit on this long trade, all
right?
That's a take profit on the long.
There's a fly flying around.
Trying to get it
>> [music]
>> this bug zapper.
What the heck? All right.
The fly flying around trying to get it
with the bug zapper.
You know? Um, no that's a TP on the long
trade, all right?
Um
Where's that fly?
Trying to get this fly with the bug
zapper.
You know?
I'm not a big fan of flies, guys.
Not a big fan of flies.
Yeah, that's a limit order for the long
trade.
>> [music]
>> Let's see what happens on this one,
guys. Pretty excited.
Feeling like we could see some P, baby.
Shout out to Keith Jess.
Shout out to Soarwana.
Soarwana?
Who says finally some good content for
us Euro pores.
This fly is bothering me, guys. Big
shout out to Paul Caruso.
Is it time to short? Yeah, sure.
Look, I mean we're we're going to get
into it, but it's it's it's always time
to short.
Look, this is a very difficult area as I
was talking about yesterday.
It is Did I hit my first six-figure
trade? No, I did not. I did not hit the
six-figure trade yet. Um
that trade right now is up
I did take some profit, so I'm up 60
grand.
And uh technically speaking, I'm about
to hit the $100,000 uh area. So, we just
need one more pump and I will be up in
the [music] $100,000 mark
for that trade.
All right?
So,
shout out to RoyTX7ZX.
You know, big shout out to real too real
for you.
How high are we going? Well, here's the
thing.
Here's the thing, guys. Um [music]
My long from FOMC, this is my long from
FOMC, guys. This one right here is my
long from FOMC.
>> [music]
>> So, the long that I took live during
FOMC
from 74960
in the moment, baby, last Wednesday,
6 days ago.
Um
this is it now. All right? It's
currently up
uh 15 grand. All right? So, 15 grand
>> [music]
>> on the week.
Let's see what happens here. We just
have had pre-market.
All right? So, it's 8:30. New York will
open in about
New York will open in about an hour.
We're going to be hopefully live for New
York open as well.
Trying to Trying to zap this fly.
I'm trying to zap this fly. I got the
fly zapper here.
I'm trying to zap the fly.
Where's that fly then?
I don't
They are very elusive, these flies.
Aha.
I'm trying to lure it over to the fly
zapper.
Now it's on my belly.
All right.
Now it's on my arm.
Shout out to Skywalker.
In the house, baby. Let's see. Look
[snorts] at this. Bitcoin pumping up.
About to hit our TP, all right?
So, here's the deal, guys. We are coming
right now to none other than the
Fibonacci macro.
When I say macro, I mean log scale
micro. Let's talk about where we're at
right now.
Clear everything off of here, all right?
Let's clear literally everything off of
here.
And let's go ahead and pull our golden
pocket from the high
to the low. Look at that.
Not only that, guys, but we are coming
up to the support resistance flip right
here.
>> [music]
>> So, is it time to short someone's ass? I
mean, the answer is maybe, right?
I say between where we are right here
and
uh 84K
is
acceptable shorting territory. Anything
after that, I do think we could see a
much bigger move to the upside here.
But, the problem with the short is
we have such a big zone of potential
resistance here.
It's very difficult for us to pinpoint a
level. And this could turn into
This could turn into a big trying to
catch a rising knife, which loses us a
bunch of money. So, I'm watching very
carefully here cuz I am trying to get
into a short, but here's the thing.
I would much rather kind of wait now for
something like this to happen. Unless we
get an a rejection from an exact level,
like for example, the golden pocket,
right? The golden pocket, which we're at
right now.
That is a valid short. You could have
scalped that and made like some good
[music] money.
You know, the 15-minute time frame. Look
at what happened there. We tap into it,
we come down, we bounce from the support
resistance flip. Now, we're reclaiming
the 618 again.
So, you know, unless you're scalping
like these exact levels, it's much
better to wait for some kind of
larger time frame range to form here.
All right? Cuz if we're reclaiming the
GP,
we could we there's no telling how high
we can go, right? I mean, think about
everybody in the chat right now.
Everybody in the chat has a different
target. Like yesterday, I think 80K, I
think 81K, I think 82K. I think 83. I
think 84. I think 85. I think 86. The
reason why there's so many different
views
is because they're all valid levels of
of resistance, right?
And so the question really becomes, all
right, which one?
If we're trying to get short right now,
technically,
we could keep playing the game of, well,
well, just one more high. Just one more
high. Just one more high, right?
Just one more high. And eventually we're
at 100K at the macro golden pocket,
right?
So that's that's why
you know, we got to be really cautious
here, all right?
The flies is sign cuz we about to fly
straight to 100K.
>> [music]
>> Shout out to Crypto Knight.
Helps us bear market invalidated. There
are some There are some real bear market
invalidation signs right now.
>> [music]
>> Um shout out to Crypto Clown World TA77.
100K or 60K? Maybe both, right? Maybe
both.
Like here's another thing, y'all,
all right? As we're
>> [music]
>> tapping into the golden pocket again,
looking like we want to break on New
York open.
Here's another thing. Don't be surprised
if we see something like this, all
right? We'll pull [music] the macro GP
now.
And we will tank this thing off of log.
The macro GP is right around 100K. Don't
be surprised if we do something like
this,
right?
Because that is really I mean, when we
think about that, we have resistance,
[music]
support,
resistance.
Now the macro golden pocket,
if I'm not mistaken,
confluence with
Is that the POC? Maybe not.
>> [music]
>> Nah, not really. Nah, not really.
Um
But yeah, and then putting in a double
bottom. Like let's not forget what
happened back in 2018,
right?
After the vid,
the vid, the good old vid. You guys
remember the vid?
Oh, we we don't have enough data here
for the vid. Well,
anyway, the Bitcoin price was around
$20,000
to the bear market low.
You know, the vid, we came into the
Fibonacci golden pocket.
And remember, we bottomed out here in
December, January 2019.
Well, we basically put in a double
bottom here,
right?
After rejecting from the Fibonacci
golden pocket. So, was the bear market
invalidated? Yes.
Did we get a big pullback? Yes. All
right.
Um
So, you know,
ju- just let you know, I don't know. I
don't know what's going to happen, but
this is very possible here. Especially
if, right, we have to also think to
ourselves,
is the institutional money going to
cause Bitcoin to have less
massive swings and just more so range
sideways? If that's the case,
this is a very
uh obvious zone of support for sideways
range. And 100k is a very obvious zone
of resistance here,
right? We can pretty much look at this
entire price action of a range between
around, let's call it 60k and 100k.
Yeah, we spent a little time over 100k,
but that was only this, right?
That was only this time. So, we're only
talking from July
until October 2025. July, August,
September, 4 months
out of the last
>> [music]
>> uh 2 years.
All right? 4 months out of the last 2
years. What is that? 1/6?
I don't know.
I didn't get my degree in long calculus.
Um
Did I take a short? Yeah, I Yes, I
shorted the 618, Andrew. Yes, I did. And
I'm still in that short trade.
Absolutely. Yep. I'm in I'm in a short
right now, guys, from the golden pocket.
Yep.
I'm in a short right now from the golden
pocket. We'll probably get stopped out
at this point.
So, yes. Yep.
I'm short from the golden pocket tap.
All right. Probably will get stopped out
at this point.
But, yeah. I took a short.
So,
look
um
Like I said, I am trying to get to a
short. There's certain levels I am going
to short. The golden pocket is one of
those levels. Another one of those
levels was this. So, I shorted this.
Shroom.
I shorted this.
Foom. All right.
These have been good short trades that
you can take.
>> [music]
>> All right. If you're in the Casper Crew
VIP Discord, all these key levels given
way in advance.
All right.
But, here's the thing. Um
we are bullish until proven otherwise.
And I'm uh cautioning people here that
are not
uh
traders the way I am that look
be careful trying to short the top. You
know, when I'm trying to catch these
shorts, I'm in a much different position
than most people.
I am in hundreds of thousands of dollars
worth of
long trades. All right. I've made tens
of thousands of dollars
on this move up from 65,000.
All right. I've I've I've made If
[music] I were to close everything out
now, I've made over six figures in the
last month.
So, for me, trying to short [music] the
top and not taking profit is fine
because I'm hedging myself.
>> [music]
>> All right.
And I've recognized the fact that things
are bullish. All right. But, if you're
just coming onto the stream looking for
the next trade and I say, "Yeah, big
short right now." I mean, I don't want
people to get wrecked. I'm trying to be
realistic about the markets here.
All right. Here we go, baby.
We're about to hit our take profit, lock
in a nice
$10,000. Come on, bitty.
Come on, itty bitty. The itty bitty
Bitcoin
goes up the water spout.
Come on, [singing] Bitcoin.
Bitcoin.
Bitcoin. [singing]
Come on.
Ayo. [music]
Ayo. Come on, Bitcoin. Hit the TP so I
can make all the juicy [singing] money.
You know we [music] bag chases out here
locking in the profits at the macro
golden pocket. Baby, can you [singing]
even spot it? We collected money like
Sonic collects rings. [music] Sonic and
robotics. Now let me hear you sing.
Bitcoin. Bitcoin. Bitcoin.
Ayo. It's J Casper. [music] We trading
here. Now sit back cuz I'm about to spit
into your ear. The lyrics and the bars
in my head. My trades only in the green,
never [music] in the red. Just kidding.
Antarctic, only in the blue. So sit
back. I'mma tell you what [music] she's
going to do. The Bitcoin price, baby,
looking so nice. It's so hot, but also
cold as ice. We're coming up [music] to
the GP 81 to 82.
>> [singing]
>> Now listen to me.
>> [music]
>> If we break out of this resistance, then
we start to rocket ship and we go
[music] the distance because if we clear
the chart, the blue and purple candles
like a nice work of art.
>> [music]
>> We're going to take the trend line from
the high then to the next one. You can
see we're breaking out. We're having so
much fun.
We coming [music] up to the [singing]
VAL. Bitcoin price, can you even smell
the [music] profits? Can you stop it?
Can you top it? Don't you know the
market makers try to drive it just to
stop you out of your trade [music]
before they reverse the price. They
making space cuz they digging the holes
to bury you, but [music] you know we're
coming through. J Casper about to tell
you what she going to do. If we come
above [music] 81, about to fly up to 86.
Lots of fun. And if we break 86, back to
her [music] tricks. The Bitcoin market
makers be licking their lips. It's
coming up right [music] to 96, 197.
Bitcoin price flying straight up to the
heavens. And then [music] we come to
100k, the golden pocket from the top to
the bottom. Let me hear you say Bitcoin.
Bitcoin, about to blast off like
Bitcoin.
>> [music]
>> Bitcoin, oh my Bitcoin about to blast
off. Oh no, we didn't hit the TP.
[music]
Oh no, we didn't [singing] hit the TP.
Bitcoin price, what you're doing to me?
You're messing with [music] my heart.
Where do I start? I ate so many beans
and now I have to fart, but they're good
for your heart.
That's where [music] we start, the fiber
and all the stuff. It gets the cart full
of all the dish-aliciousness, [music]
nutritiousness, the way we're looking
out eating so deliciousness, huh?
>> [music]
>> Oh man.
Did we take the high on
on uh
Let's check out Bybit here.
Nah. Nah. Oh wait, where are we? Where
the heck are we? Hang on.
Did we take the high?
No.
No, we're good. We're good. Don't worry,
guys.
We are good. This profit's going to get
hit. Don't worry.
We're about to hit it, all right? Don't
worry. Don't worry.
Don't you guys worry about a thing, all
right?
Who cares if I made six figures?
Probably none of you guys, but I care
because, you know,
I want to do it. You know what I'm
saying?
I know y'all don't care, but I care,
right?
It's a goal I have. It's something I
want. Trying to accomplish a goal, you
know? [music]
Did I hit my No, I didn't hit the
six-figure trade, guys. I didn't hit it.
I still have it open. So,
it's up about right now it's up about
Here, I I closed half the profits, all
right? I closed half the profits.
Let's see. And um
I closed half the profits. Here, let's
pop it on.
I closed half the profit.
Uh so, I'm up 57k.
Now, I have another 37k
all open. So, I'm really close, man.
Like, I'm really really close. We just
need one more pump up, all right?
So,
I have $420,000 on the trade.
I locked in 57k. All right. This short
trade is obviously from when we hit the
golden pocket. And yeah, I could have
closed it in profit, but I'm not going
to.
In case we dump, like that's the thing.
Like, in case we dump, I'm willing to
pay, you know, a small fee in case we
dump here cuz I don't want to be out of
the market if we dump. And it's the 618.
I can't tell you how many trades I've
taken from the 618 that ended up turning
into swing trades, right?
It's the 618, baby. So, that's that
trade. We're up 37,000
plus
this trade we're up another 7,000. So,
what's that? That's like 44k unrealized
right now.
44k unrealized
combined, all right?
44k unrealized combined
um
Isn't the first breakout usually a fake
out, guys? Just think. Yeah, but here's
the thing. We've had a lot of breakouts.
That's That's another problem with this
price action. We haven't really had
like Think about it. We had the breakout
of the trend We had the breakout of the
value area high.
We had the breakout of the trend line.
Here, let me let me draw. Like, there's
there's been so many breakouts that
haven't been fake outs, right? So,
that's what's making this very
difficult.
First, we had the breakout of the value
area high, all right?
That happened over here. Wasn't a
fake-out. Then, we had the breakout of
the trend line. Wasn't a fake-out. Now,
we have the breakout of this range high
from right here. Guess what? I said
wasn't a fake-out.
Right?
Now, we're literally back testing
this level
getting more upside. So, yeah, is the
first breakout usually a fake-out? It
has been, but guess what? We had
multiple times to break out and it
wasn't a fake-out, right? First, we
tried it here.
We came down to the value area low,
all right?
>> [music]
>> We tried it, didn't work. Breakout of
value area high, tried it, didn't work.
Breakout of trend line, tried it, didn't
work. Tried it here, didn't work, all
right? Next stop, baby, you know, like I
said, if it's not going to be from the
618, we're coming up to 863.
All right? 86.3.
So, yeah.
But, listen, the the the fake-out's not
happening. The breakout's happening. Did
Coinbase take the high?
Um
Is Coinbase taking the high?
Market cipher be weekly money flow in
the green. Yeah.
How do I get the 618 that low? I use log
scale, all right?
I use logs I use log cuz I'm a
lumberjack.
All right?
You know.
Why tell it? I'll tell you why I tell
it, Pablo. There's a few reasons, all
right?
The main reason why I started showing my
trades on this YouTube channel is
because I want your views, all right?
I'm not ashamed to say that I want
views. The only reason I do YouTube is
to get views to make money on my
business. That's why I do YouTube. Yeah,
I enjoy it. I enjoy doing it.
But this is a business, right? I have
employees to pay. I have a business to
run. It needs money to come in, right?
So, the way I promote the business is by
showing my trades. Now, I I did a lot of
research, all right? Before I showed my
positions, people could care less.
Here's the thing, most of you guys
watching this, you don't want to make
money. You don't care you you just want
to see somebody make money. I don't know
what it is.
All right?
But people don't want to learn. Some
people want to learn,
but most of you guys don't care. You
don't want to learn. You just want to
see somebody make money, all right?
Because if I have a trade on the screen,
my views immediately go up. If I take
the trade off the screen and I start
teaching people how to actually make
money, the views immediately go down,
all right? So, that's one of the reasons
why I show. The second reason why is
because
on this channel, I made a decision long
ago that I I I I just This is like you
guys are hanging out with me, all right?
Look at me right now. I have no shirt.
I'm in a dirty garage.
All right? We're just hanging out.
And it is what it is.
If you were at my house right now,
we'd be hanging [music] out. We'd be
looking at the charts.
We'd be talking about random stuff. I
would have no shirt. All right?
And so, I'm I'm not going to change or
hide my life
uh in this in the aspect of trading for
the sake of the YouTube channel. I'm
walking on a treadmill right now.
You know?
So, those are the two main reasons.
All right?
So,
You're all mostly here to have someone
to talk to about trading while I'm
watching my own trades. Yeah, that's
cool. Like I like to watch trading
content, too, right? I really do.
I love to watch trading content, as
well. And I love when I see people's
open positions as well. Let's be honest,
like who would I rather watch? Who would
I rather watch?
Somebody who's talking about the charts
or somebody who's got money on the line
and they're talking about the chart. I'd
rather see someone who has money on the
line. Plus, there's something about
having money on the line which fuels the
passion for talking about the dang
charts, right?
You know what I'm saying?
There's something about this that fuels
the passion, right? So, I appreciate
watching content where traders got the
money on the line, all right? Alexo,
Trader Geo, Crypto Face, Crypto Crank,
uh
Crypto Lifer,
um [music]
yeah, I finally got the fly, guys.
I got him and he zapped him.
Um [music]
you guys know who I'm talking about,
right? It's more fun that way.
What's the next major resistance? Well,
we're at resistance right now, okay?
We're at resistance right now and
[music] we're about to hit a take
profit, baby. All right, New York's
going to open in half an hour. The next
few resistances, guys, are this.
We're at the golden pocket now, so we
could come up to
uh there's two golden pockets. The next
one's 83.
The one we're currently at right now is
>> [music]
>> um
81. We're in the golden pocket now, all
right?
So,
there's a whole bunch of like weird
levels we could look to scalp to, right?
So,
so there's this,
84.3, there's this guy here,
83.7. Like, there's so many mini levels
here that we could be looking at. Let's
put on Market Cipher B cuz yesterday we
were getting some bearish divergences
here, right? So, see.
Market Cypher B.
Okay, so there is potential for bear div
here
on the daily.
The 4-hour
we are invalidating
Yeah, yeah. It's dancing right on the
line, guys. It's dancing right on the
line.
This is going to be a really difficult
short if we're looking for shorts here,
it's going to be super difficult.
It's going to be super dang difficult.
Come on, New York.
In half an hour.
Oh, man, they are teasing me. The market
makers teasing me. I think New York's
going to get a a pump, maybe a pump and
dump, all right?
But, New York definitely teasing me
here.
You know.
But, I'll tell you. I'll tell you. Um
Man, the sun is a
It's not shining on my face no more.
I need I need some more sun, you know?
I want some more sun here.
Talking about charts, mildly racist
a conspiracist,
and not a democrat. Those are the
perfect traits for a Bitcoin trader and
streamer. [laughter] Okay.
Yeah, I'm not a republican either, all
right? Why don't I just TP now?
Uh because we didn't hit my target yet,
my friend.
But, hang on. I need to move this out to
the sun, all right? Give me 1 second
here.
Give me 1 segundo here.
Oh, yeah.
>> [music]
>> Oh, yeah.
[music]
>> Here we go.
Yeah, now we're in the sunshine, baby.
That's what I like. I like the sun.
Praise God for the sunshine.
Praise God for the sunshine. Thank you,
Lord. Thank you, Lord.
Shout out to Patrick from Germany. Shout
out to Meg NAP from a non-disclosed
location. Big shout out to
J Constant 7686. Jason is bottom-feeding
scum. Oh, thank you, my friend. I
appreciate you. God bless you, man. I
am, I guess. I don't know. You know,
whatever you want to think about me is
fine, my my
May God bless you either way.
>> [music]
>> You know,
and I appreciate the comment. Shout out
to bullish on parade. He says holy
macaroni was not expecting you first
thing in the morning. Well, look, we're
trying and we're really trying to get
this dang
pump. All right, that's what we're
really trying to get here. We're trying
to get the dang pump bullish on parade.
We're trying to catch it live on stream.
All right, so
>> [music]
>> yeah, the vitamin D honestly.
Um yeah, still didn't hit my TP like
what the actual man? All right, it's
9:00. We got half an hour until New York
opens. Maybe we come down we fill the
fair value gap. All right, our next
target to the downside is this guy right
here. All right, 81074. We're going to
come down. We're going to bounce from
81074 and then we are going to bounce to
the upside baby.
Let's refresh order flow
to the upside.
Yeah.
To the upside.
Man,
honestly.
Yeah, [music] to the upside.
It's 6:00 a.m. where you are. It's 9:00
a.m. where I am. I guess you're on the
West Coast.
Let's go short guys. I mean, if you guys
want to short now, you know, be my
guest, but I'm not I'm not about that
short stuff right now.
Um
how am I so sorted mentally?
What are you talking about? Are you guys
I I mean, look, here's the thing.
You guys
I look,
this is YouTube, all right?
This is YouTube. I don't consider myself
sorted mentally, okay?
This is this this this is a
very intense mental game, all right? It
really is.
Yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah,
baby. Here we go. Bitcoin, baby, we are
pumping. Bitcoin, baby, we are pumping.
Oh,
>> [music]
>> Bitcoin, baby, we are pumping. Woo.
Hey, baby, we are pumping. Hey, yo.
>> [music]
>> Hey, baby, we are pumping. The Bitcoin
price looking orange like Trump and
don't you know if we're ever going to
dump, we about to turn around [music]
like we want to we want to ate tomorrow.
Don't you know what day it is? It's the
Wednesday. Now, let me
[music and singing] give it to you kids
to tell you
that it's usually the weekly high or the
weekly low. Listen [music] to me. I
can't believe the pump.
Man, it gets me so damn pumped up and
you know we're here [music and singing]
in the truck.
I have nothing to say because look, man,
honestly, this is crazy. Here we go.
TP hit, baby.
TP hit.
>> [music]
>> Locking in 10K.
Listen to what I say.
Man, this is crazy. This really is nuts.
All right, are we hitting the
the point 65 yet?
Let's pop it on up here.
Not yet. No, that's at 82, too.
Man, this is wild, guys. Here we go.
Here we go. Here we go. Here we go.
Um today's Tuesday, tomorrow's
Wednesday, which means we're probably
going to pump all day and then tomorrow
we can dump it, you know.
Ooh. Man, here we go.
Here we go.
Man, I'm I'm trying not to get greedy,
honestly.
I'm trying not to get greedy.
What I mean by that is like I I want to
like add to the position here.
I want to add to the position a little
bit.
Although
that's probably not the best idea.
But, you know what? You know what?
Ah, I $333,000 on the trade.
Let's do it, baby.
Here we go.
Kaboom, baby. We got $500,000 on the
trade right now.
Let's see what the market's going to
give us.
give us, baby.
Let's see what the market's going to
give us.
All right. Let's try and squeeze as much
as we can out of this, all right?
What's the market going to give us?
We got $500,000 on the trade, guys. Half
a million dollars
on the position right now.
Let's move it over here so that we can
see it.
There we [music] go. 500k on the trade.
Let's see. How much is the market going
to give us here?
82.8 incoming, dude. All right. All
right, bullish. Let's do it, man.
Let's do it.
All right. You You did call it, Juan
Estrada. Look, you called it, man. Look,
you called it, bro. You called it, man.
What can we say?
Look at this crazy pump. A stink bug.
Man, there are so many bugs out today.
Juan Estrada called it, guys.
You know,
>> [music]
>> it's not really risky to add to this
trade, guys. Come on. What's the worst
case?
Worst case is I make 10k. Let's go.
Let's go.
No, this ain't gambling, Baron. This is
not gambling, all right?
If you think this is gambling, then you
shouldn't be trading.
This is honestly the most responsible
way to trade in the world.
>> [music]
>> I literally made $10,000
in a week from a trade that I took from
the exact bottom, from key support, with
very good confluence, and and
uh
you know
and and now I'm just adding to my
winners. If this trade goes wrong, guess
what? I make 10 grand. Is that gambling?
Is that gambling? If this trade goes
right, I could make 20 grand.
All right. What if someone said, "You
know what?
You're either going to win 10 or 20
grand. Is that gambling?" No.
You start with nothing. Your two choices
are 10 or 20.
That's not gambling.
Gambling would be if I put half a
million dollars on the trade right now,
open up a freshy. That's gambling.
All right. This ain't gambling. This is
a trade that I planned in advance, gave
the setup in the Casper Crew VIP
Discord, took publicly
from the exact low. I mean, come on.
Look at that precise entry from the
exact low.
And then I took profit along the way,
locking in money, reducing my risk.
And now [music]
that we've hit my target,
I'm going to add to the trade.
You know, this this is not gambling, my
friend.
>> [music]
>> This ain't gambling.
This ain't gambling.
>> [music]
>> You know.
Do I still hold R? Yeah, I do, but I
haven't touched it in a long time.
You know, I hope we do go for 87. Can
you guys imagine right now if we go for
87?
We have half a million dollars on the
trade, man.
We are pumping up.
See, let's see how she goes here.
Man, New York hasn't even opened yet,
guys.
New York has not even opened yet. All
right. Let's see what our next target
is.
Our next target I'd say would be 82K.
All right. Let's hit Let's Let's Let's
lock in some more money, right?
82K, all right? [music]
82K.
Let's take out locking another hundo.
Let's go ahead and
do 82.5.
I can't do it that way. 82,500.
Locking another
$1,000.
>> [music]
>> And we will limit out at 83K.
Take out two grand.
And then we'll do 84K.
It's reversing. Ah, let's give it some
time here. All right, New York hasn't
opened yet.
New York hasn't opened yet. Let's check
out market cipher B on the 12-minute
here.
Yeah, this candle looks unsustainable
for sure.
Uh, but we don't have bearish divergence
here, making me feel like we're going to
still continue up here. Let's see what
happens. Can we go to 82?
Do I hear 82? Let's check out order
flow.
Wow.
That's pretty interesting.
>> [music]
>> 100 million longs
at the top. Oh my goodness.
Not the best look, but wow. I mean
Okay. Okay. Okay.
Man, we had that bullish CBD yesterday,
too.
You know, we had that bullish CBD. This
is a This is a healthy move. It's a
healthy move to the upside.
You know, it's a healthy move to the
upside.
Best garage sale of the year.
Yeah.
Seriously.
83.5, you're calling it. All right. All
right.
He's calling 83.5. All right.
83.5.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Man, New York is going to do something
wild. All right, guys, in 20 minutes,
something wild is about to happen.
Rug pull soon? Well, we don't know. We
don't know. We don't know. All right, we
don't know.
Let's see. [music] Let's see. Come on,
baby.
Let's go to the the 1-minute.
>> [snorts]
>> Taylor must be buying.
You were reading the CVD as bearish.
Can I explain?
Uh I don't see any bearish CVD here. I
just see that like where were we forming
we were forming bullish CVD yesterday.
Um
Where I I can't find it now.
I can't I don't see it now, but I could
have sworn yesterday we were forming
bullish CVD. Right now this is not
bearish CVD. We're seeing open interest
increase, CVD increase, price increase.
This is showing that bulls are in
control right now, honestly.
Oh man.
20 minutes until something crazy.
Pumping based on what?
It's cuz we longed in the Casper Crew
from the bottom, that's why.
Cuz we longed in the Casper Crew from
the bottom.
All right.
Shout out to Jesse Gallop. Shout out to
Senor. Going to hit 200.
The 200 EMA.
Let's see where the 200 EMA what what
200 the 200 daily?
>> [music]
>> The 200 weekly.
Put on the 200 daily.
Casper Crew Crew Crew
>> All right, so the 200 daily SMA, you're
talking about the EMA.
The SMA is going to be right around
833. I think that's what um Juan Estrada
is looking at.
>> [singing]
>> Guys, we got half a million dollars on a
trade right now.
We're up 16K.
We're up 16K. We got half a million on
the trade.
All right.
16K, half a milli.
Wow.
Wow, wow, wow.
I feel like I should put on my Blofin
chain.
>> [music]
>> By the way, guys, I have to give a big
shout out to Blofin. All right.
I have to I have to big give a big shout
out to Blofin.
All right.
Look at this Blofin bling we got here.
You guys see? Look at that.
The AI camera is always trying to move
to my face. It's not going to show you
the Blofin bling, but
doesn't matter what I do with my
computer screen.
It'll always zoom in on my face.
Um
Nope, New York is not open. It's going
to open in 15 minutes. We got to give a
big shout out to Antarctic decentralized
exchange,
Blofin, Ubit, and KSEX. Those are the
four exchanges I'm trading on, guys.
Links in the description. Also,
got to give a big shout out to
Kline Funding,
15% discount if you want to get funded
on Kline Funding as well as
Bit Funded.
All right.
Those are the two prop firms that I'm
officially
uh partnered with. All right.
Yes, it's the green chain with real
emeralds. Shout out to get you M9 Q.
Yes, it's pure gold and the green is is
pure emeralds.
Pure emeralds as well, as you guys can
see there.
That's real emerald. We don't we don't
do no fake emerald around here.
Um [music]
Man, Jesse went to bed at 4:30 a.m.
Man, I'm so glad I slept last night.
Am I on testosterone?
No.
I don't recommend testosterone. Man, how
many times do I have to say how much I I
would I would never go on testosterone
unless
unless I felt like a 90-year-old man.
Testosterone shuts off your testicles'
ability to make testosterone. So, if
you're on testosterone, you're basically
now a slave to the farmical
pharmaceutical industrial complex, all
right?
You're a slave to the pharmaceutical
industrial complex for the rest of your
life.
All right, here's a secret that they
don't want you to know.
All right?
>> [music]
>> If you eat real food
and move your body
you'll have high testosterone. Oh, and
sleep right, all right?
>> [music]
>> If you take care of your body, you'll
have high testosterone. If you don't
take care of your body, [music] you'll
have low testosterone. Now, the society
is set up so that you'll have low
testosterone if you don't make an effort
to take care of yourself, all right? We
live in a sedentary society. We eat fake
food full of endocrine disruptors full
of a whole bunch of strange chemicals
that are not good for you. We don't
sleep right. We don't get sunshine.
We're constantly on a screen. All right,
all these things that are easy in life
are going to leave you with low
testosterone. All right?
It's difficult to have high testosterone
because it goes against the norms of
your lazy friends watching football and
drinking beer and [music] eating pizza
and staying up late on their phone on
Instagram and all this.
All right, not lifting weights because
it's too hard.
All right.
But, if you take care of yourself,
you're going to have high testosterone.
All right. Then you won't be dependent
on the pharmaceutical industrial
complex.
And when the supply chain shuts down,
you're not going to be stuck feeling
like a 9-year-old woman
when your family needs your testosterone
the most. You know what I'm saying?
Do I drink coffee? Yes. I love coffee.
Every day.
How did I get such a big chest? It's not
that big. All right.
It's really not that big. I'm not that
big. You know what it is, guys?
Do you know what it is? I'm lean.
All right, I'm lean. I've got I've got
the I've got the abs. I'm lean. I look
big, I'm not. All right.
>> [clears throat]
>> It looks freaky. You have to understand,
I'm sweaty. I'm in the sunshine.
All right, and I'm lean. [music]
When you're sweaty, lean in the
sunshine, you look big. That's another
trick.
I have 16-in arms, guys. I'm 6-ft 3.
I only have 16-in arms.
My chest is not that big. All right.
But, I'm lean.
Cuz I don't eat the junk food, right?
And I'm on the treadmill in the
sunshine.
That's why.
But, yeah.
Coffee. I love [music] coffee.
Love it.
>> [singing]
>> I love coffee.
One cup a day keeps the tiredness away,
baby.
All right, we're getting a little bit of
a pullback here, guys. Not to worry. New
York's going to open in 10 minutes.
All right, we're losing money. We're
losing money like a wild lady right now.
All right.
Do I post these trades in my Discord?
Yes, I post the trades in my Discord and
I tell people when I'm taking the trade,
all right? So, all these long trades
that I'm in right now, I told people the
setup in advance
and when I was taking them,
all right?
Yep, JasonCasperTrading.com.
>> [music]
>> All right, I haven't I haven't I haven't
posted any trades in there besides the
head short this morning, which is
already stopped out,
all right?
>> [music]
>> I haven't posted trades in a while cuz
you know, the price action has not been
very tradeable.
We kind of been hovering around this
area and well, I was waiting for a lower
to get into a long, which never
happened. So,
>> [music]
>> here we are now, all right?
Does look a little reversy, but look,
it's just before New York open.
I need to have more children. Well, I am
having more children. Now, I'm having
another baby.
I accidentally
uh
Not ac- Well, yeah, I guess it wasn't an
accident, but yeah, I'm having more
kids. So, praise God.
I don't know how we're having another
kid. Honestly, when I found out that
we're having another kid,
>> [music]
>> I literally sat there for 2 days asking,
"How is this possible?"
Of course, a lot of people explained to
me the birds and the bees and all this
stuff and I'm [music] like, "Yeah, I
know, but
you know, I was trying to be careful,
you know?
I was trying to withdraw my profits
before liquidation.
I was trying to withdraw the profits
before liquidation, but apparently,
sometimes you have there's a surprise
liquidation. I don't know.
I don't know.
Maybe the blockchain was hacked.
I'm not sure.
So,
you have three.
Your sugar daddy 80-year-old gave me
a baby.
Okay.
That's good. That's good. Look, if
you're 80 and it still works, then
that's good for you, all right?
Yeah, praise God. So, big surprise.
Praise God.
My my my my quiver will be full of
arrows, all right?
You want to have kids, but everyone
tells you you need a woman to do so. I
say that in 2026, that's not true
anymore, right?
But, I don't know. Yair Brocha has five
kids. How is five kids? Cuz I feel like
I'm probably going to have five kids,
too.
I feel like I'm probably going to end up
with five or six or seven. I
I mean, the way things are going. I
can't I you know, maybe I'll have 10. I
don't know.
>> [music]
>> I don't know.
You know?
Looks like a Shout out to Divine Hood in
the chat, by the way.
Uh
he says, "This looks like a contracting
diagonal that [music] could end this
pump on the hour chart."
Man, Divine Hood, if you short, let me
know, bro. Give me the signal, all
right?
How many pull-ups can I do in a row?
>> [music]
>> Um
I don't know. I would say probably like
30, maybe 35. I haven't tried.
I could definitely do 30, all right?
Um
The last time I had a kid, I couldn't
sleep properly. Well, the last You have
to understand, like we do we have home
births in the Casper household,
right? So, when my wife is in labor my
wife has long labors, all right? She has
long labors.
>> [music]
>> She has contractions for days, two,
three days. So,
a lot of times when you have [snorts] a
baby, I'm not sleeping for, you know, 48
hours or so or more.
>> [music]
>> And that takes a total on you, all
right?
Now, Divine Hood,
let me know if you're going to short,
all right?
Shout out to Santos from Brazil.
Jason is going [music] to have a whole
trading desk full of kids. Yeah,
probably.
Probably. You just shorted with 2
million. All right, sunflowers 10 hours.
>> [music]
>> I I hope it works out for you. I do.
Um,
let's see. If we lose the 618 again, I
will have to I will have to short.
All right? If we lose this, I will have
to open up a short.
All right?
But let's see. We have 7 minutes until
New York opens, all right?
7 minutes until New York opens.
A lot of people shorting before New York
open. Okay, okay. Maybe we'll get a dump
and pump then. I don't know.
Todd Catterson says, "This [__] is
talking about babies, the time everyone
should be longing. Such morons." He's
adding to his long.
All right, not financial advice, guys.
Don't talk about babies when you should
be long.
Let's see.
Sunflower says, "Big dump incoming."
Based on what? Do you see the big dump?
Um, [music] based on the 450 million
longs at the top? Look, if we lose the
618 now, I am going to have to short
this. You know, I am going to have to
short this.
Because then we will have 459 million
trapped longs.
But we have 6 minutes until New York
opens.
>> [music]
>> Um,
but let's see.
I see that there's about 37 million
shorts opening. Let's see what happens.
Look, we trapped these longs, guys. And
I will have to go short.
I'm just being honest.
Just being honest.
Let's see. Must wait until New York, all
right?
Let's wait until the New York opens over
here. Come on, New York. They're
drinking their coffees. They're eating
the bagels. They're getting ready.
In New York, they're going to Dunkin.
They're going to McDonald's
for breakfast over there in New York.
They're drinking the New York City tap
water.
The best in the world.
The New York City tap water.
They're getting ready for the big move.
All right.
Yeah, the vinyl says, "Guys, don't long
the top. We're literally at a golden
pocket right now."
Everyone says we're going down.
Based on what are you guys saying this?
I'm very curious cuz like
you must be just based on intuition, the
12-minute red dot,
the fact that New York's about to open
and wreck everybody who long. I think we
probably get a bit of a pump here first.
>> [crying]
>> All right.
Let's get a little bit of a pump first.
We got 5 minutes until New York opens.
All right.
>> All right, we got 4 minutes, guys.
Time
Uh Kakad CS4DL says, "Are we not going
to the 86K valve?" Yeah, we very well
could be.
We very well could be.
You know.
Look at this. We could be.
>> [music]
>> We do have bearish divs on the 1-minute.
3 minutes until New York opens.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Tres minutos. Tres minutos.
Let's go ahead and keep our eyes on the
golden pocket. Keep our eyes on the
prize.
On the golden [music] pocket.
This is the golden pocket.
>> [music]
>> 2 minutes.
2 minutes.
Let's see.
Let's wait and see what happens here,
guys.
>> [music]
>> We got 1 minute.
1 big minute.
And
>> [singing]
>> Come on, New York.
>> [music]
>> All right.
Come on, New York.
All right, we're open. Let's see what
happens here.
We got a 5-minute candle.
She's trying to get the poomperoni.
She's trying to get the doomp eroni.
Let's see what [snorts] we got on the
order flow.
People trying to long this immediately.
We got 8 million longs coming on in
right now.
Increase of open interest.
Remember, we have 459
million longs here.
All right.
Let's see if they can defend their
positions or not.
21 million longs, 30 million longs.
I don't know if we come down to that
618.
I also want to know if we make a higher
high.
Let's go, baby. Let's make a move. Come
on. What's the market maker going to do?
What's the market maker going to do?
Come on.
What's the plan, HFG? Well, I'm I'm
looking for a short. Maybe if we can
make a higher high.
Um but also as long as we're not going
to lose these guys.
Right? 459 million longs here. I'd say
uh we're good. If we start to lose this,
I'm going to I'm going to open up a
short.
Um
So, let's see what happens.
Let's see if we can't pump up to 82k.
I've got some TPs here.
All right.
Bybit removed.
Hedge mode, huh?
I don't know. I haven't taken a trade on
Bybit uh USDT in a very long time.
Will my short just be a scalp? No, it'll
be more of a hedge trade against these
longs.
You know?
That's what it will be.
>> [music]
>> So,
man, New York big in decision right now.
It's going to take some time for the
decision to come on in. It's going to
take some time for the volatility.
The volatility the volatility.
All right, Jesse Gillick. I'll keep that
in mind, bro.
You're hedging now on Bybit, nothing
removed, says Wajeb.
All right, cool.
Yeah, I'm going to hedge if we lose 81.
I mean, already I already took like a
$1,500 loss this morning
hedging the first tap of the golden
pocket from here. I shorted this.
>> [music]
>> Um
Yeah, so
I could have taken profit on it, but
every short I take from now I'm not
really looking to take a profit. I'm not
looking to take a scalp. I'm looking
basically because I
I have $500,000 on this trade and I have
another
thousand dollars. So, I have almost a
million dollars long, right?
I'm up right now
uh
uh [music]
plus six, so like you know
over 45 K right now on unrealized, so
Come on. Let's see what she's going to
do. What's the Bitcoin price going to
do?
Let's take [music] a look.
What's the site I'm using for order
flow? It's called Market Monkey Terminal
MMT.
You know.
MMT Market Monkey Terminal
Come on Bitcoin. What's she going to do?
She's going to take a dump? She's going
to take a pump?
Is the long-term higher for Bitcoin?
Well, I don't know. I you know, this is
I'm I'm going to just be honest and say
I don't think anybody really knows right
now.
We're at [music] We are at major
resistance.
If we reclaim Here's the problem. Here's
the problem, okay?
The problem is [music]
we have this giant zone of resistance.
All right, we're in a downtrend. We're
breaking out of major resistances.
There's bullish and bearish things about
this chart, okay?
So, I can't really tell you.
Right now, I'm hoping for more upside
based on the long trades that we've been
in from 65k and 68k.
The trades that we gave in the moment in
the Casper Crew VIP Discord at
JasonCasperTrading.com.
All right? And so, I hope for more cuz
I've been long since
March 27th.
Now,
um
could we reject from here? Yeah.
But, the problem is there's a big zone
of of of resistance here of about
you know, 8% [music]
so that's a big move. And then we have
the POC and then we have the macro
golden pocket. So,
>> [music]
>> technically speaking,
we have this whole zone of potential
resistance of 25%.
We're breaking out of the trend line.
So, yeah, we could see more upside. It
definitely does look bullish, but at the
same time it's been a very slow, painful
grind to the upside,
which typically means
we're going to give back a lot of that.
All right? Now, the problem is
timing the top. It's very, very
difficult right now because
we are hitting key areas of resistance.
But, as you can see, these key areas of
resistance are not giving us a reversal,
right? We hit this level.
We shorted it, right? [music] We hit
this level.
We shorted it. We hit this level, right?
We hit this level. There's little levels
that we're hitting. We're getting little
pullbacks, but they're not getting
reversal. We're are seeing some bear
div, but the bear div is not getting
validated. So,
this is kind of one of those you have to
wait and see, and
there will be an opportunity, okay?
There will be an opportunity for for
another juicy trade. We don't always
need to catch the knife, right? For
example,
this was a gift to us, right? This
opportunity here was a gift. Um [music]
even
uh coming down to this area was a gift
as well, right? Now, if you're
subscribed to my channel, we took it
live. $500,000
from 74
976. All right, there's me live last
week taking the trade in front of
everybody.
That was the last major long opportunity
I kind of [music] see, right?
Um
So,
>> [music]
>> you know, um
I don't really see an excellent short
opportunity here
because I don't really know where to put
the stop loss unless we're really
looking at a precise level. I don't see
a good long opportunity right now
because we're in resistance. So, it's
one of those instances where we need to
wait for a good setup to present itself.
>> [music]
>> And right now, I'm just trying to see
how much is the market going to give me.
How much money is the market going to
give me here?
>> [music]
>> It's kind of what I'm looking at, you
know.
Um
What do I think about cash?
Well, cash is very useful and cash is
necessary
uh to use, but I don't really think you
should be keep you should definitely not
be holding
your money in cash unless it's in some
kind of an account like a money market
account or some kind of stock portfolio
where it's giving you passive income,
right?
Um [music]
Definitely cash is a depreciating asset,
all right? So, you don't
It's it's necessary, but the goal should
always be to take your cash, either keep
it on the sideline to buy assets or put
it into assets. And if you're going to
keep it in cash, put it into something
where
you can make money,
right? Like don't just keep it in the
bank.
>> [music]
>> Put it in a money market account. You
can put cash in you know, there are
accounts out there that you could open
up where they're backed by physical
precious metal, right? So, you You a 100
bucks, you put it in the bank and you
buy that goes right to $100 worth of
actual gold.
Now, your Now your money is basically
essentially in gold, right? But it's
very liquid.
So,
you know.
All right, this is a very key level. We
have just
we are
in the process now of
of trapping many longs here.
All right.
For me, the the line in the sand really
is going to be this.
Big shout-out to Jesse Gallop. He says,
with a super chat,
>> [singing]
[music]
>> "Come on, bitty. Go to zero.
I need to buy more on discount." Yeah,
seriously.
>> [music]
>> All right, Sunflower opened up a $2
million short.
Sunflower's up right now
.5%.
>> [music]
>> That's a lot of money.
It's like 10 grand.
Sunflower just made 10 grand on a .5%
move.
The power of big position sizing,
seriously.
>> [music]
>> Shout out to Dennis Mar. What's going
on, bro?
Um
I missed my chance at 60K.
I guess you're talking about people that
didn't buy.
Memory man only keeps the cash he plans
on spending the next few months or so.
Yeah, that's honestly the way to do it.
I mean
I recommend Look, here's the thing. I
mean I'm I'm not I'm not one that
believes that this financial system can
go on forever.
But as long as it's going on
I think it's a good idea to put your
money in, you know, money market
accounts
>> [music]
>> or in a stock portfolio that's paying
you out dividends.
You know,
>> [music]
>> building a dividend paying stock
portfolio is, in my opinion, one of the
best things you can do assuming
things will continue on as they have
been, right? Like obviously
everything could crash and go away in an
instant. If If that happens, then
it doesn't matter if you kept it in cash
or not, right?
It doesn't even matter if you kept it in
gold cuz the reality is if the whole
system goes down, really your gold isn't
going to help you too much right away,
right? It will eventually, but
>> [laughter]
>> So, yeah, dividend [music] paying stock
portfolio is amazing because here's the
thing, even if the value of the stock
goes down
the dividend payout might not go down.
It might even go up.
Right? It might even go up. So
and I'm talking like the basic stocks,
Colgate toothpaste, Coca-Cola
Johnson & Johnson, like the basic
stocks, the basic companies that
they're not going anywhere unless the
whole society collapses. They pay
dividends.
>> [music]
>> And now you're basically making passive
income.
Even if the value of the stock goes down
because you hold the same number of the
same number of shares of the stock,
>> [music]
>> you're getting paid the the dividend.
And sometimes the dividend might even go
up
while the value of the stock goes down.
And then eventually you could sell the
stocks if you want to, but you don't
have to.
All right?
>> [music]
>> Uh money market accounts, they're like
more aggressive investing accounts. Like
there's more risk, but
they're pretty stable assuming
everything's going to continue as
normal, which it might not. But if it
does, you're making way more than your
0.5% or whatever in a bank. You could be
making 3, 4, 5%.
Sometimes more
a year.
Right? So,
and then of course
precious metals,
always a great preservation of
purchasing power. Yeah, gold looks a
little bearish right now, but in general
historically speaking, you're putting
your purchasing power into gold,
>> [music]
>> it's going to maintain the purchasing
power,
you know?
Same with silver.
And then tangible assets.
So, like real estate.
It's why they call it real cuz it's a
real asset, land,
>> [music]
>> all that kind of stuff, right? You can't
go wrong with that.
You can't go wrong with that, honestly.
Is the S&P one of the best options?
Well,
I mean, look, historically speaking,
yeah, right? [music] I mean, people like
to hate on the S&P, but
if things continue on as they have been,
and eventually it's not going to, right?
The trend is your friend until the end.
But right now, like
you know,
let's just look at the SPX index here.
You know, historically speaking,
even if you bought the top
uh
you're probably going to be in a good
spot. I mean, 2007
yeah, you got totally wrecked,
>> [music]
>> but then not even
you know, 6 years later, you're back to
where you were. So, for the long term,
yeah, look at this thing.
S&P 500 is bullish, right?
Now, if you bought the top in 2007 or in
2000,
>> [music]
>> and you were looking to make money
tomorrow,
well,
you lost more than half of it, right?
But if you bought in 2007 and you held
until now,
you're up,
you know, 358%.
>> [music]
>> So, a 3.5x.
You know, so, yeah, slow [music] and
steady.
Again, when the whole system goes down
and this thing goes to zero, which it's
going to have to. I mean, really, it's
There's no way. It's being propped up by
fake money that's not backed by
anything. So, eventually, the whole
thing's going to fall apart, right? But
until it does, it's going to keep going
up. So,
it's one of those things. It's like
crypto, too. At some point,
at some point, Bitcoin's going to rug.
Crypto's going to rug. At some point,
there's no way, in my opinion,
they're going to let this thing
>> [music]
>> uh keep making so many people so much
money, right?
So,
until crypto the the the whole crypto
blockchain technology is going to be
used to enslave humanity, right?
But until that happens, we can use it to
our advantage, right?
We can use it to gain freedom until it
enslaves us. Like, so, it's the same
with everything.
I I don't know how much longer the
dollar has.
You know? I don't know how much longer
the dollar has.
Yeah, your land is never really yours.
You're paying taxes on it, for sure.
Satoshi's the CIA. Probably.
Probably. I I mean, I I
>> [music]
>> I lean towards in hindsight now. I
didn't always believe this, but now I
lean toward Bitcoin probably being
created by
like intelligence agencies in order to
onboard people into blockchain
technology and get them used to the idea
of digital currency.
Um so that when the system is, you know,
the controlled demolition is complete,
now people understand like already what
this is.
And it's going to be normal, right? It's
going to be normal.
So,
I say that after, you know, the last
long time of
what seems to be
um
either uh
the the the original I mean, if you guys
go back to 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018,
[music] like
the the the crypto space was full of
people who hated government,
hated central banks,
uh didn't want anything to do with that.
They were anarchists, right? Um
now the crypto space is full of people
who just really want to make money and
they they welcome
TradFi
um mixing with
with blockchain.
And so basically what's happened is you
have a kind of a a co-opting
of the crypto space
by traditional finance.
And it's not at all what it originally
was set out to be, right?
I mean, you have governments now and and
huge institutions who are able now to
control the price
uh through centralization, holding large
quantities.
Also, the ETF. There's always shady
business that can happen with ETFs,
right?
So, we'll just have to wait and see. In
the meantime here, I'm up 16K.
You know?
In the meantime now, I'm up 16K.
>> [singing and music]
>> All right, let's go back to the Bitcoin
chart here.
>> [laughter]
[music]
>> What made me so pessimistic?
I'm not pessimistic at all.
I consider myself an optimist.
I am
but pessimistic on this system dread
mining. I mean, it's it's set up by by
criminals.
All right?
It's set up by criminals
who [music]
don't
who really just are in it for their own
selfish purposes, right?
So, it it it mathematically cannot
continue. Like the
this
system of economics that we have here of
the the Keynesian deficit spending
fiat currency, historically speaking
it it and mathematically speaking, it
cannot continue.
It can't continue. To think it can
continue is honestly delusional. I'm not
pessimistic at all.
I'm optimistic, you know? I'm out I'm
super thankful for everything. I just
can see through the system I'm trying to
use it to my advantage, right? I'm
optimistic.
I look at all this as we have an amazing
opportunity. As far as the crypto space
goes, I've seen it's been co-opted by
>> [music]
>> evil corporations and
um
governments that obviously don't have
people's best interests in mind.
We can clearly see based on the
uh
the goals
of [music] various world governments
that um you know, really especially as
the fourth industrial revolution
continues on.
A lot of humanity is going to become
obsolete and they're dealing with how to
solve those problems. And really, I
mean, it's not very nice for your
average person. So,
you know, I'm not being pessimistic. I'm
being realistic and but I'm using the
real situation [music]
to
create a uh
a different outcome, right?
>> [music]
>> We have an amazing opportunity in crypto
to make money. Yeah, they're going to
try and use blockchain to enslave us,
but right now
it's not that way. Right now, we can use
trading and blockchain and Bitcoin to
make money so that we can get tangible
[music] assets and so that we can build
communities and and and stick together
as individuals who are like-minded and
we're not down for that kind of stuff.
And then
when the hammer drops,
you know, we'll be less easily
controlled. That's really optimistic, in
my opinion. [music]
That's optimistic. I'm not going to live
with my head in the sand like an
ostrich.
Think that's optimistic, man.
Um
InfoWars is for sale. I should be the
new host.
I could never do [music] it. Um
How do I understand the market cipher? I
have playlists of this on my YouTube
channel. Check out my YouTube channel.
All right.
Check out the YouTube channel. I have so
much content on the YouTube channel
that you would probably find
very uh helpful.
All right.
So, go to playlists
and go to
Let's see. Well, first of all, check out
the free course. All right.
Check out the free course.
Um [music]
check out I think I have a market cipher
playlist here.
Um
>> [music]
>> market cipher tutorials.
All right. I have a whole playlist here,
18 videos on market cipher.
All right.
Check it out. [snorts]
Let's check out order flow here, too.
>> [music]
>> Wow. Um
we have another over 150 million. So,
that's five, six
600 million longs opening up here.
>> [music]
>> Again, if
See what happens if we if we lose the
VWAP, I I am going to have to short it.
[music] Yeah.
We'll have to wait and see how this
plays out here.
We're in a little bit of a chop city.
Is the free version market cipher be
good enough? Yeah, everything's good
enough.
Everything is good enough.
You know, everything is good enough.
All right. Is real market cipher better?
Yeah.
Is anything good enough? Yeah. The The
indicator is the last thing you should
be worried about when it comes to your
trading, honestly.
The indicator is the last thing you need
to worry about.
All right?
I'd say you don't even need an indicator
to to trade, but it helps a lot.
Right? It gives you a lot of confidence.
But, yeah, the indicator's not going to
make you a good trader. If you're If
you're not profitable without Market
Cipher, you're not going to be magically
profitable if you get Market Cipher.
All right? Um
But
But it does give very accurate signals.
All right? The The reason why I'm able
to take trades like this one
is because
>> [snorts]
>> you know, the reason I have so much
conviction
to take this trade, well, go watch the
live stream. I I did a whole freestyle
rap about why I I was bullish.
>> [music]
>> So
All right, carefully watching, carefully
watching, carefully watching.
>> [music]
[music]
>> I'm not going to short yet, guys. I
might I might short, but we need to we
need to lose the 618 here. We need to
lose the 618 and the VWAP, and then I
will short. All right?
>> [music]
[music]
>> When you have a hidden div and a regular
div at the same time, that's an ultra
signal.
All right, the last time we had that was
down here
>> [music]
>> on the 4-hour time frame.
Another reason why I took the juicy long
trade from the exact bottom here
was because of this, right?
>> [music]
>> We had a
hidden bullish divergence on
MarketCipher B.
>> [music]
>> Right?
Price was making a higher low on the
trend line.
However, you want to draw that trend
line, and also price was making a lower
low with a higher low
>> [music]
>> and the money flow cross here. That was
the ultimate long signal right there.
It really was. I'm glad I took that. I
had conviction. Now, MarketCipher B
really gave me good conviction on that
one.
Shout-out to Dennis J. Next month, I'm
getting married to my girl. With God's
will, we're going to start a family.
What would be my advice for a strong
united family?
We have to be on the same page
spiritually.
And you have to seek God together.
Um
and God needs to be the number one
priority of your relationship.
And if that's the case, then I think
it's good good foundation for your
family to stick together. Um
cuz here's the thing. Uh there's no such
thing as a perfect marriage, and [music]
you're always going to run into your own
Here's the thing. Getting married will
show you how much of a scumbag you are
and how much of a scumbag your wife is.
That's just the reality of the
situation, right?
So,
obviously it's a great opportunity to
grow
and uh
learn how to
humble yourself and show grace to your
wife.
>> [music]
>> And for her to do the same to you. And
also, if if the goal of the relationship
is to glorify God,
then all the other issues that that
wreck marriages
aren't going to wreck you because your
focus is the same, right? The focus is
not on you
and what makes you happy. The focus is
on how can we
honor God in our relationship?
Now, it's easy to say that. It's hard to
do that. But that needs to be the focus.
And at the end of the day, if that truly
is both of your focus and desire,
then that's always going to be the thing
that keeps you grounded and oriented
even when things get a little bit tough.
All right?
And if you don't have that,
I'd say in our society, the marriage is
probably not going to work out. There's
a very small chance it will work out. It
could. It could.
But a lot of people, especially
religious people,
uh
they don't make that their focus, and it
ruins the marriage, honestly.
But also, I mean, make sure you're
marrying the right person. Like before
you you got to really make sure. I I I I
I I I I I I I I I I I I
I recommend you get to get a little get
a little [music] pre-marriage counseling
just to talk things through and make
sure everyone has realistic expectations
about things.
You know?
>> [music]
>> It can help to seek counsel from people
who have been married
and from people who have had more
experience than you
where you bring up issues you may not
have even thought about. And then you
guys talk about these issues before you
actually get married. That way there's
not a surprise issue
that comes up down the road.
But thanks for the super chat.
Big shout out to
another super chat, Girl Dad Gigachad
who says, "Keep teaching these
ingrates."
But thanks for the super chat. I don't
think there's any ingrates in here.
Shout out to Trader Joe. He says,
"Christ is king. Amen, bro."
Amen. Shout out to Crypto Scarface.
Everybody's in disbelief and still
trying to short the market. Bitcoin will
probably go to 90k. It very well could,
man. Thank you so much for the super
chat.
Um
Yeah, big shout out to Crypto Crank. He
says, "100k target hit."
>> [music]
>> Technically not yet, dude. I'm real
close.
I'm super close.
I'm waiting for one more push up.
So, I've locked in 50 58k
and I'm up 38k. So, I'm real close.
But I want that I want that
Yeah, we'll we'll see what happens. We
need one more push up.
We're close. I think we can do it. We'll
we'll have to wait and see here.
Um
>> Don't even get married to someone yet.
Well, here's the thing. Like if you want
if you want to
if you want to do the right thing
before God
then you need to enter into some kind of
covenant with that person
uh before witnesses and before God. All
right, you don't need to have a marriage
certificate from the state.
But, you definitely need
to make a covenant with that person.
With witnesses, all right?
That can hold you accountable.
And um
if you don't believe in God, then it
doesn't really matter what you do.
But, based on the super chat, I would
assume you believe in God. So,
I'm giving you advice from a
uh
from a spiritual perspective. All right?
Yeah, Trev just says, "Make sure she's
not bearish when you're bullish and vice
versa." Yeah, that's that's a big one.
>> [music]
>> That really is a big one. Um
red mill stops
midstream.
Crypto Cranks been married for 14 years.
I've been married for 12 years.
You know, I love my wife. I can't
imagine not being married to her.
>> [music]
>> Um
You know,
what do I like about my wife?
Um
well, I like so many things about her,
but
probably the two most important things
is number one, she's a woman of God.
Right? That our whole relationship is
based on God. That's how we actually
I don't I don't think I would have
married her at all if if
weren't for God. Uh secondly,
she's a very good wife. She supports me
in everything I do.
She runs the house. She
does everything. She raises the kids.
She deals with the kids all day. I'm out
here gallivanting on the internet
screaming into a plunger.
Um
and she does all these things that
support me and allow me to do what I
what I can do.
Um
and she she's always she's always uh
submitted to me. Like
she's always submitted to me in every
major decision.
Uh she
honors my position as the leader of the
household.
And she follows me wherever I go.
Right? Even if she doesn't agree.
She'll follow me wherever I go.
Um I've done some crazy things
and she's made some major changes
to her life because of me and
and she's been with me the whole time
and she's been supportive of all that
stuff and
yeah, she's just been great.
Yeah, she's she submits. That's that's
the biblical order.
All right? The husband the the the
husband is the head of the household.
The wife submits to the husband.
It's not it has nothing to do with being
subservient.
But it has to do with the order. There's
a certain order to a uh
to a family. There's a God-given order.
Men and women have different roles. All
right?
I found this out after my uh
my first daughter was born and I tried
to breastfeed and then I realized
God didn't give me that role,
you know?
I mean, I know I've got some double D's,
But God didn't give me the the
breastfeeding role, all right?
This muscle milk isn't going to support
the baby, right?
Um but the husband's job is to lay down
his life for his wife and to do
everything he can to make sure
that she has everything she needs and
that she's cared for
and that she's emotionally supported and
financially supported.
And if both play their role right, not
you're never going to be perfect, but if
both strive to play their role
correctly, you're going to have balance
in the household.
If the roles get out of order, there's
going to be unbalance imbalances and
guess what happens? Imbalances get
filled.
>> [music]
>> Now, a lot of people don't like to talk
about this cuz our modern society wants
to take away
male and female and take away the roles
of men and women,
but the reality is,
look at what's happened to our society
since the family, the nuclear family
that's been a thing for all recorded
history
and this order and this structure that's
kept society together for thousands of
years. Look at what's happened to
society as this is being removed.
You know? You take away the woman's role
in the home to raise the kids and be
there with the kids. Now, the kids are
being raised by the state.
Instead of having a man and a woman in
the household, you have two men in the
household in the sense that the woman is
fulfilling the role of a man. She's
going out to work, she has a career,
she's
bringing in money just as much as the
man
and so she's not fulfilling her role to
raise the kids.
And now the kids are being raised by the
state and look at the fruit of that,
right?
I know people don't like to talk about
it. People get their feelings hurt.
They're like, "But I can't stay home
with my kids cuz of the money."
It's a complex issue, I know there's
complex issue, but
it doesn't change it doesn't change the
fact that it's what's happening and it
doesn't change the fruit of the
situation. The fruit of the situation is
you take the mother out of the home like
that, you take away her role as the
nurturer and the one who raises the kids
and it has a negative effect on society.
So
yeah, there are roles and there's order
to this, man. People don't like [music]
it.
I don't know why.
I mean, it's funny.
My wife is more misogynistic than I am.
Like when I say misogynistic, I'm saying
that sarcastically. But she she'll look
at a woman and she'll be like, "That
that woman needs to be home with her
kids. She has no business being out here
doing that."
I'm like, "Wow, wow, chill out there.
Chill out there
BB28."
Shout out to Crypto Scarface. Liberal
mindset cannot comprehend that, yeah.
Yeah.
But
yeah, and here's the thing. It's not
about It's not about trying to like uh
make your wife like your your slave and
you're not the master. That's not the
point. That's not the point. The point
is there's an order.
It's just like in a business, right?
Everyone
is equally human in a business. They
have the same intrinsic value, but
the boss has a different role than the
employee
and the manager has a different role
than the owner and everyone has a
different role.
And if everyone does their role, the
business functions properly.
And if people don't do their roles, the
business doesn't function properly.
Right? So there's an order to things.
It's the same in a country. There's
government.
The president doesn't have the same role
as
the speaker of the house or whatever.
>> [music]
>> You got to do your role.
And if you don't do the right role,
guess what?
The whole thing falls apart. So
>> There's a lot of issues here and I'm not
Look, I and I hope
My goal in saying all this is not to
make anybody feel bad [music] or
anything like that in any way. I
understand that society is very
complicated and difficult. It's
difficult to make ends meet, especially
in America right now. It's very
difficult to have a household where one
parent works and the other can raise the
kids. Financially, that's very
difficult. Now, I would say this is by
design,
right?
They're squeezing
the American people out of the ability
to to even do these things
so that the state can raise the next
generation.
Right? I'm not saying it's easy and that
everyone's making this decision to say
I'm not going to stay home with my kids.
Obviously, there's a lot of factors that
go into it.
I'm just pointing out the objective fact
that
that is not the way it was designed to
be. [music]
And we're seeing the the repercussions
of taking away that order
right now as our society is falling
apart.
Dread mining says, "It's about people
choosing what they want to do instead of
prescribing their jobs based on outdated
ideas
about order and law."
Um yeah, [music] I mean, definitely I'm
I'm all for people making their own
decisions. I'm not saying
uh
Here's what I'm saying.
The the the household order should be
the rule and not the exception. It
should be the rule not the exception. If
you're a female and you want to go out
and have a career, that's great. Go do
it. All right?
That's amazing. Go do it. I'm saying the
the society as a whole, that should not
be the
that should be the exception and not the
rule
in general.
Um
and it's not outdated law and order.
It's a lot of things. First of all,
it's God-given order.
And if you don't believe in God, it's
biological order. Right?
>> [music]
>> A man's body is different than a woman's
body.
A woman's body can carry a child to full
term and give birth. And then a woman's
body can feed that baby and sustain that
baby
for like 2 years if she wanted to and
the baby wouldn't even be lacking any
kind of nutrients just from breast milk.
A man cannot do that. All right? So,
this is biological order.
Um a man, in general, again, it's the
rule, not the exception. In general, a
man is more capable of physical labor
than a woman is. Not all the time.
There's some super strong women out
there. That's great. But in general,
a man will have more upper body muscle
mass,
more testosterone, which makes them
higher risk takers, so they can go out
and do riskier work,
and build things, and take risks,
so that they can support
their women
who are at home [music] doing what they
are biologically designed to do.
It's biology.
It is what it is.
It's funny It's funny how people
It's funny how people get upset about
that. Like, it's literally just biology.
You know, it doesn't have to be It
doesn't have to be the rule every single
time.
But it's strange in our society that
like a young a young girl goes to school
and she doesn't learn
how to how to be how to be a mom, right?
She doesn't learn how to what labor is
like.
And and and raising children,
breastfeeding children. She is
going to school for the purpose of going
to college for the purpose of having a
career. It's not even They don't even
give you it as an option. It's seen as
countercultural
to do what biologically you're wired to
do as a woman, right?
So, it's it's just strange. But
on that note,
here's the thing, guys. We lose the 618,
I'm going to have to take a short trade,
all right?
I'm going to have to take a short trade.
Um
we hold the 618, I'm going to have to
stay long.
Looks like we might lose her, but
unfortunately, guys, I have to go.
All right? I have to go cuz my wife
needs me.
So, peace, guys. God bless you.